85. Document will discuss allegations, or being against, corrupt public officials of any governmental
59. Document will report a of weather which has caused at least one fatality in some
56. Document will include a about the prime lending rate, or will report an prime rate
71. Document will report incursions by land, or water into the border area of one  by military of a or a guerrilla group based in a
64.   Document will report an  or  of hostage-taking.
62. Document will report a military coup , either attempted or, in
93. Document must describe or identify of the National Rifle Association (NRA), or its
99. Document will identify a in the Iran-Contra
58. Document will predict or a rail strike or report
77. Document will report a poaching  used against a certain  of
54.   Document will cite the of a or preliminary , or the of a , to launch a commercial satellite.
87. Document will report on current criminal actions against officers of a failed U.S.
94.   Document must identify a crime  with the  of a computer.
100. Document will identify efforts by the non-communist, states to regulate the transfer of high-tech goods or "dual-use" technologies to
89. Document must identify an  or pending investment by an OPEC member  in any "downstream"
61. Document will discuss the of Israel in the Iran-Contra
95. Document must describe a computer to crime solving
68. Document will report, or even  concerns about the safety to manufacturing employees and  workers of fine-diameter fibers used in insulation and other
57. Document will discuss how MCI has been doing since the Bell
97. Document must identify instances of fiber optics in
98. Document must identify individuals or which produce fiber optics
60. Document will describe either one or both sides of the controversy over the use of of performance to determine salary and incentive pay as contrasted with determining pay  on the of seniority or on the
80. Document will identify something about the platform of a 1988 presidential
63. Document will identify a machine translation
91. Document will identify acquisition by the U.S. Army of weapons